Razer Cortex: Removing cloud saves


	So I don't use Razer's products since I think that they like Alienware and Apple, are more about status then the functionallity of the it. I was even slightly excited that they bought the Ouya and could make a decent microconsole. I was wrong but I didn't buy it so no big deal, but I do use their free Cortex service. I didn't use it for much, tested some boosting for gaming and getting the best deals for games on my wishlist from various sites. The main feature I really love was the cloud saving feature. One could have their game save files on a cloud service and with a click just have them sync to make sure they are up to date. I while ago there was an update to Cortex, after installing I was greeted to a new interface. Okay that's nice, trying to push your properity currency, fine what ever never cared about those things since they just get in the way. Then I started to look for the cloud saving so I can make sure my game saves were fine. It seems like they got rid of this, I don't know why, it was simple it was fine, all it need was some better ways to find your save files and it could have been great. Now I have even less of a reason to use this product because function that I have to start up the app for isn't even there anymore. Why even bother with this? The deal finding is passive and just sends notices to my inbox, the game boost isn't that much better than other ones. I get that it's free but why get rid of good features, it's like window 10 all over again.





2draft
target: 95 words
total: 98

I think Razer's products are generally overpriced pieces of garbage, but I do like their free Cortex program. Recently it got an update and it removed one of my main reasons I even have it. The cloud saving function for game saves. It was nearly perfect, it didn't take long, simple, and only just needed a better way of finding the save files. Now it just a glorified game deal finder to fill up my inbox with emails. Oh you can get z-coins, don't care, never cared , never will care. You're pretty but you have no personality.


---

https://github.com/metafloor/bwip-js
create a mobile version of barcode writer.

---
Virtual A drives: where are they?
--